Refactor example docs (#164)
l7mp/stunner: docs/examples/livekit/README.md

## Prerequisites

To run this example, you need:
* a [Kubernetes cluster](../../INSTALL.md#prerequisites),
* a [deployed STUNner](../../INSTALL.md#installation-1) (presumably the latest stable version),
* an [Ingress controller](../TLS.md#ingress) to ingest traffic into the cluster,

> * a [Cert-manager](../TLS.md#cert-manager) to secure traffic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* a [Cert-manager](../TLS.md#cert-manager) to automate TLS certificate management.
```

## Installation

> [!NOTE]
>
> Let's start with a disclaimer. Securing connection between the user and the server is a must. Read more about TLS [here](../TLS.md).

In the below example, STUNner will be installed into the identically named namespace (`stunner`), while LiveKit and the Ingress gateway will live in the `default` namespace.

### Ingress and Cert manager installation

> To ingest secured traffic into the cluster, you need to install some resources. Please follow the instructions in [this section](../TLS.md#installation) to install Ingress and Cert manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ingest secured traffic into the cluster, you need to install additional resources. Please follow the instructions in [this section](../TLS.md#installation) to install an Ingress and the Cert manager.
```

Author: fixed
